Doc: Fix link to DLQ docs (#1214)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

It is more performant for Elasticsearch to retry these exceptions than this plugin.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-dlq-policy"]
==== DLQ policy

Mapping (404) errors from Elasticsearch can lead to data loss. Unfortunately
mapping errors cannot be handled without human intervention and without looking
at the field that caused the mapping mismatch. If the DLQ is enabled, the
original events causing the mapping errors are stored in a file that can be
processed at a later time. Often times, the offending field can be removed and
re-indexed to Elasticsearch. If the DLQ is not enabled, and a mapping error
happens, the problem is logged as a warning, and the event is dropped. 

> Check out https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/8.18/dead-letter-queues.html[Dead letter queues (DLQ)] for more information about processing events in the DLQ.

Reviewer: 🤔 Is 8.18 intentional change here? If not maybe we change it with `logstash-ref`?

```suggestion
Check out {logstash-ref}/dead-letter-queues.html[Dead letter queues (DLQ)] for more information about processing events in the DLQ.
```
